# vNS-recipes

This repo contains recipes associated with Virtual NonStop Server hardware,
Software, and configurations. The intent is to provide a place where people can
share their working (or work in progress) recipes and report issues with
existing recipes for subsequent repair. The goal is for everyone to be
successful in creating their own vNS server and building increasingly capable
NonStop technology.

Information put in this repository is shared, so you must have authorization to
contribute it. You will need to create a Pull Request, which will have
information, the first time, for authorizing your contribution.

# Repository Structure

The repository is structured around Markdown files and directories. Each topic
has its own directory:

[Hardware](hardware/INDEX.md) contains hardware recipes.

[Virtualization Software](software/INDEX.md) contains software recipes.

[Configurations](configuration/INDEX.md) contains configurations other than for VM software.

Please add your own recipe to each `INDEX.md` file in the directories. Create any
links you need to create to link your hardware configuration to software and
configurations. You can upload images if you wish and reference them within
your Markdown files.

When you are building your server, you can contribute your work in progress to
your own branch in your own fork of this repository. Push your changes to your
fork and then create a Pull Request with `[WIP]` at the beginning of its name
and continue pushing commits to your branch. Once you are done, change the name
of your Pull Request and remove the `[WIP]`. We will then merge your recipe(s)
into the `main` branch.

# Disclaimer

Content of this repository is provided on an "as is" basis. No warranty of any
kind applies to any content contained here. You take full responsibility for
determining the suitability of the information here and full responsibility for
anything that happens. Please ensure that your contributions are appropriate
and do not contain inappropriate language - the repository owners reserve the
sole right to not approve any Pull Request for any reason. 

# Markdown Information

You can find GitHub markdown information [here](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github).
 
